Fix broken links. JB#58845 (#124)
sailfishos/docs.sailfishos.org: Tools/Platform_SDK/Installation/README.md

**Attention: Platform development is now more convenient with the regular [Sailfish SDK](/Develop/Platform) through its command line frontend 'sfdk', available on all Linux, macOS and Windows. The Linux-only chroot based Sailfish Platform SDK remains available for special applications. It also remains the default (documented) option for [Hardware Adaptation Development](/Tools/Hardware_Adaptation_Development_Kit), although the regular Sailfish SDK can be used for that purpose as well.**

> The Sailfish Platform SDK contains [Development Tools](/Tools/Development) like [Scratchbox2](/Reference/Toolchain/#scratchbox-2), [MIC (Image Creation)](https://github.com/sailfishos/mic/), [Spectacle](/Spectacle "brokenlink"), [osc](https://github.com/sailfishos-mirror/osc/), [qemu](https://github.com/sailfishos-mirror/qemu), etc, to make it easier for a developer to work with Sailfish OS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sailfish Platform SDK contains [Development Tools](/Tools/Development) like [Scratchbox2](/Reference/Toolchain/#scratchbox-2), [MIC (Image Creation)](https://github.com/sailfishos/mic/), [Spectacle](https://github.com/sailfishos/spectacle), [osc](https://github.com/sailfishos/osc/), [qemu](https://github.com/sailfishos/qemu-user), etc, to make it easier for a developer to work with Sailfish OS.
```

Author: Actually, this part was already outdated. Current page lists way less tools; please review the changes again after I push my next changes.
